Sometimes there was no words, no sentence, just tears.
So many kind words and tributes.
So, somewhere along the line, cries and grunts turned into words and sentences.
It's like all of your sentences always existed, just... waiting for up there in style heaven for you to fetch them down.
By 18 months, he had progressed to words and phrases.
A liturgy for which no one needs to be the meaning of the words and sentences.
In order to maintain a delicate balance, they weighed every word and sentence.
We are going to launch this year a collection of "Claro" guides.
States can use such technologies to detect the use of specific words and phrases.
Now we can take the words and start to build sentences out of them.
Clarity of translation - an indicator of quality of translation that characterises the clarity of presentation in a translated text.
For my part, I vouch for what you said and support the proposals you made in your speech.
Throughout the process, teachers add exercises designed to develop broader skills.
My only worry is that when I do become a fully fledged doctor such as your good self.
I began with the evolution of the word and ideas.
But I am a man of my word and a custodian of English blood.
However, like the founders, we are faced with the task of ensuring the convergence of word and deed.
Articles 29 and 43-45 of the Constitution establish and guarantee the right to freedom of thought, word and belief.
The text must consist of at least one word and must not contain any operators.
Learn to be a man of his word and find opportunities to realize your dreams.
The Committee concurred in the submission of a proposal to the General Assembly.
Against this background, there is scope for further refinement of the SIDS/NET proposal in particular.
He suggested that the Working Group start by considering the first part of that proposal.
The concept of the Sierra Leone proposal is directed at the first two categories.
Some other delegations expressed objection to the proposal by Costa Rica.
Its $50 million rehabilitation loan package reached final approval stage.
These constitute a package of mutually self-reinforcing policies.
Furthermore, the package requires that neither side compromise on its substantive political positions.
The package should be retained and eventually signed as it is.
Download the appropriate package for your computer architecture and operating system.
As measured by the latency experienced by users on the network.
Added ability to alert when the average ping time exceeds a certain threshold (network latency test).
The market is a dynamic event and prices change quickly and latency may affect pricing.
Latency phase, I heard about that.
There might be a latency factor that we should allow for.
Now work, work, work without break.
Just work, work, work.
Biannual programme of work should be a basis.
Existing work programme items leaders were confirmed.
It was very basic police work.
Egypt undertook a Microsoft super-users training programme, specifically targeting young female graduates.
However, piracy is an ongoing problem for microsoft.
If you want to install any new topic they have to acquire the company microsoft.
For Microsoft Internet Explorer and IE-based browsers only.
With ISA Server 2006 Microsoft has implemented a new feature called Flood Mitigation.
You carry a 10-foot cloud around you.
It strips that gas cloud apart.
Vic's like a black cloud that follows me around.
You're like a cloud, dark cloud, that never goes away.
It pulls much stronger on one side than the other and the cloud is stripped apart.
